---
layout: default
title: Submissions
---

# Submissions

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Submitted papers should be at most 16 pages in the LNCS format,
including the bibliography and well-marked appendices. Committee
members are not required to read the appendices, and so the paper
should be intelligible without them. Submissions are to be made to the
submission web site at
<https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=dbsec2018>. Only pdf files will
be accepted.  Submissions not meeting these guidelines risk rejection
without consideration of their merits. Papers must be received by the
deadline of ~~March 30, 2018~~ **April 13, 2018** (11:59 PM American
Samoa time).  At least one author of an accepted paper is required to
register for the conference at the full rate and must guarantee that the
paper will be presented. Note that for authors with multiple accepted
papers, one full registration is valid for one paper only. Accepted
papers will be published by Springer in the Lecture Notes in Computer
Science (LNCS) series. The final version of the accepted papers must be
in the format required of publications in the LNCS series (a Latex
source file will be required).  A paper submitted to DBSec 2018 cannot
be under review for any other conference or journal during the time it
is being considered for DBSec 2018. Furthermore, after you submit to
DBSec 2018, you must await our response before submitting elsewhere. If
you submit your paper to another conference or journal either
before/after submission of the paper to DBSec 2018, we will reject your
paper without review and will notify the other conference/journal as
well. This restriction applies to identical as well as to substantially
similar papers.

[![Springer LNCS Logo](/assets/LNCS.jpg)](https://www.springer.com/it/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines)

<br><br>
If you have any question, please contact the organizers at
[dbsec18@unibg.it](mailto:dbsec18@unibg.it).
